[INTERNAL] Add Workspace, FileSystem documentation page (#746)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/FileSystem.md

# UI5 FS

The [UI5 FS](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-fs) provides a UI5-specific file system abstraction.

[**API Reference**](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/){: .md-button .sap-icon-initiative }

## Overview

> The virtual file system "UI5 FS" offers an abstraction layer from the physical file system. Among other features, it can combine a set of scattered file locations into a well defined, virtual structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The virtual file system "UI5 FS" offers an abstraction layer from the physical file system. Among other features, it can combine a set of scattered file locations into a well-defined virtual structure.
```

### Resource

A [Resource](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_Resource.html) basically represents a file. Besides providing access to the file content, it also carries metadata like the **virtual path** of the Resource.

Resources are typically created and stored in [Adapters](#adapters). Once read from a physical file system, they are typically kept in memory for further processing in other modules.

> This ensures a high build performance, as physical read and write access for a high number of resources are kept to a minimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ensures a high build performance, as physical read and write access for a high number of resources is kept to a minimum.
```

### Adapters

Adapters abstract access to different resource locations.

> The [Memory Adapter](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_adapters_Memory.html) represents a virtual file system, which maintains respective [Resources](#resource) inside a virtual data structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Memory Adapter](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_adapters_Memory.html) represents a virtual file system which maintains respective [Resources](#resource) inside a virtual data structure.
```

> The [File System Adapter](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_adapters_FileSystem.html) on the other hand has direct access to the physical file system. It maps a "virtual base path" to a given physical path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [File System Adapter](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_adapters_FileSystem.html), on the other hand, has direct access to the physical file system. It maps a "virtual base path" to a given physical path.
```

> Both adapters provide API to retrieve and persist [Resources](#resource). Namely an API to retrieve a single resource by its virtual path:`byPath()`. One to retrieve many resources based on patterns: `byGlob()`. And one to persist a single resource: `write()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both adapters provide APIs to retrieve and persist [Resources](#resource), namely 

- to retrieve a single resource by its virtual path:`byPath()`,  
- to retrieve many resources based on patterns: `byGlob()`,
- to persist a single resource: `write()`.

```

### Reader Collections

> Reader collections allow grouped access to multiple adapters. Those might even be nested in other reader collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reader collections allow grouped access to multiple adapters, which might even be nested in other reader collections.
```

> They implement the same API for **retrieving** Resources as Adapters (`byPath` and `byGlob`). There are multiple flavors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They implement the same API for **retrieving** Resources as Adapters (`byPath` and `byGlob`). Multiple flavors exist:
```

* [ReaderCollection](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_ReaderCollection.html): The most basic collection. Allows parallel read access to multiple readers (i.e. adapters or collections)

> * [ReaderCollectionPrioritized](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_ReaderCollectionPrioritized.html): Contains a list of readers, which are searched in-order. This allows one reader to "overlay" resources of another

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ReaderCollectionPrioritized](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_ReaderCollectionPrioritized.html): Contains a list of readers which are searched in-order. This allows one reader to "overlay" resources of another
```

> * [DuplexCollection](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_DuplexCollection.html): Contains a single reader and a single "writer". It therefore also implements the Adapter API for **persisting** resources (`write()`). When retrieving resources, the writer is prioritized over the reader when retrieving files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DuplexCollection](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/@ui5_fs_DuplexCollection.html): Contains a single reader and a single "writer". It therefore also implements the Adapter API for **persisting** resources (`write()`). When retrieving resources, the writer is prioritized over the reader
```

# UI5 FS

The [UI5 FS](https://github.com/SAP/ui5-fs) provides a UI5-specific file system abstraction.

> [**API Reference**](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/){: .md-button .sap-icon-initiative }

Reviewer 2: The "{: .md-button .sap-icon-initiative }" may've been copied unintentionally? 
We could make it a sentence such as: 
"Also see the [**API Reference**](https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/v3/api/) for details."

Author: This is the same button you can see on the other module documentation pages. e.g. https://sap.github.io/ui5-tooling/stable/pages/Builder/
